Are you satisfied?
The divorce certificate has been received.
I can't keep it from now on
What are you hiding from?
Everything the Lu family has ever given you
You can't take it away
Get out of the house
OK
I leave home
roll
Passing by all over the world
Of course I can be like a hopeful woman
Flip her figure
Wear dragons and do elegant things to enjoy this tight and temporary life
Be an obedient puppet doll
But I love my only discreet dignity
Baby
Do you think mom is stupid?
Oh, I didn't expect it.
This late woman
So fucking beautiful
I thought his lover was already better looking
I didn't expect his wife to be a beauty too
What a pity!
You can only suffer if you follow Lujingchi
Come on, babies.
Tell your husbands to say